README.md, before:

# tvOS Resources

A collection of resources for the Apple TV 4 including apps that can be installed via "side-loading" and helpful articles.

## Apps

### [Sickbeard tvOS](https://github.com/hamishtaplin/sickbeard-tvos)
A (WIP) Sickbeard client for tvOS.
### [Aerial](https://github.com/okofish/aerial)
A viewer for the Apple TV's Aerial screensavers that lets you choose which screensaver you want to view. It dynamically updates the list of videos from Apple's servers. All videos are streamed on-the-fly, so disk usage is minimal.
### [Auntie Player](https://github.com/Auntie-Player/apple-tv)
A proof of concept Apple TV app to access on demand programmes from the BBC.
### [MameAppleTV](https://github.com/kevsmithpublic/MameAppleTV)
A MAME emulator for tvOS.
### [Provenance](https://github.com/jasarien/Provenance)
An iOS/tvOS Frontend for multiple emulators, currently supporting Sega Genesis, Game Gear/Master System, Sega CD, SNES, NES, GB/GBC and GBA. 
### [StreamCenter](https://github.com/StreamCenter/StreamCenter)
tvOS project that aims at providing various video feeds to the AppleTV. 
### [CouchPotatoTV](http://code.robblewis.me/CouchPotatoTV/)
CouchPotatoTV is a [Couch Potato](https://couchpota.to/) client for Apple TV.
### [PopcornTimeTV](https://github.com/pepibumur/PopcornTimeTV)
Popcorn Time for Apple TV
### [SiongTV](https://github.com/siong1987/siongTime-tvos)
A Popcorntime client.
### [OwnChannel](https://github.com/kane2931/ownchannel)
Apple TV (TVOS) Template to create your own Live TV channel.
### [YouPornViewer](https://github.com/kimiko88/Tvos-YouPornViewer)
A simple tvOS and iOS Application to see youporn video.
### [tvOSBrowser](https://github.com/steventroughtonsmith/tvOSBrowser)
A web-browser for tvOS.

## Resources

### [Apple TV: how to play classic Nintendo and Sega games!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xJ_JAwxur-Q)
A useful video on how to sideload an app.
### [How to play MAME arcade games on Apple TV](http://www.idownloadblog.com/2015/11/06/mame-arcade-games-apple-tv/)
Article with instructions on sideloading MAME.
### [Curated list of tutorials and sample apps for tvOS](https://github.com/sanketfirodiya/tvOS)
A List of tutorials, sample apps and articles.

## Developer Resources

### [ATVJS](https://github.com/emadalam/atvjs)
Blazing fast Apple TV application development using pure JavaScript
### [TVML Catalog using ATVJS](https://github.com/emadalam/tvml-catalog-using-atvjs)
Port of the TVML Catalog Sample Code re-written using atvjs

Commit message:

Added Nintendo Octopus Game & Watch

README.md, after:

# tvOS Resources

A collection of resources for the Apple TV 4 including apps that can be installed via "side-loading" and helpful articles.

## Apps

### [Sickbeard tvOS](https://github.com/hamishtaplin/sickbeard-tvos)
A (WIP) Sickbeard client for tvOS.
### [Aerial](https://github.com/okofish/aerial)
A viewer for the Apple TV's Aerial screensavers that lets you choose which screensaver you want to view. It dynamically updates the list of videos from Apple's servers. All videos are streamed on-the-fly, so disk usage is minimal.
### [Auntie Player](https://github.com/Auntie-Player/apple-tv)
A proof of concept Apple TV app to access on demand programmes from the BBC.
### [MameAppleTV](https://github.com/kevsmithpublic/MameAppleTV)
A MAME emulator for tvOS.
### [Provenance](https://github.com/jasarien/Provenance)
An iOS/tvOS Frontend for multiple emulators, currently supporting Sega Genesis, Game Gear/Master System, Sega CD, SNES, NES, GB/GBC and GBA. 
### [Octopus](https://github.com/roger-wetzel/Octopus)
Remake of Nintendo's Octopus Game & Watch device (OC-22) for Apple TV 4.
### [StreamCenter](https://github.com/StreamCenter/StreamCenter)
tvOS project that aims at providing various video feeds to the AppleTV. 
### [CouchPotatoTV](http://code.robblewis.me/CouchPotatoTV/)
CouchPotatoTV is a [Couch Potato](https://couchpota.to/) client for Apple TV.
### [PopcornTimeTV](https://github.com/pepibumur/PopcornTimeTV)
Popcorn Time for Apple TV
### [SiongTV](https://github.com/siong1987/siongTime-tvos)
A Popcorntime client.
### [OwnChannel](https://github.com/kane2931/ownchannel)
Apple TV (TVOS) Template to create your own Live TV channel.
### [YouPornViewer](https://github.com/kimiko88/Tvos-YouPornViewer)
A simple tvOS and iOS Application to see youporn video.
### [tvOSBrowser](https://github.com/steventroughtonsmith/tvOSBrowser)
A web-browser for tvOS.

## Resources

### [Apple TV: how to play classic Nintendo and Sega games!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xJ_JAwxur-Q)
A useful video on how to sideload an app.
### [How to play MAME arcade games on Apple TV](http://www.idownloadblog.com/2015/11/06/mame-arcade-games-apple-tv/)
Article with instructions on sideloading MAME.
### [Curated list of tutorials and sample apps for tvOS](https://github.com/sanketfirodiya/tvOS)
A List of tutorials, sample apps and articles.

## Developer Resources

### [ATVJS](https://github.com/emadalam/atvjs)
Blazing fast Apple TV application development using pure JavaScript
### [TVML Catalog using ATVJS](https://github.com/emadalam/tvml-catalog-using-atvjs)
Port of the TVML Catalog Sample Code re-written using atvjs
